our Lord spoke to Moses command the
children of Israel that they put out of
the camp every leper everyone who has a
discharge and whoever becomes defiled by
a corpse you shall put out both male and
female you shall put them outside the
camp that they may not defile their
camps in the midst of which I dwell and
the children of Israel did sir and put
them outside the camp as the Lord spoke
to Moses so the children of Israel did
then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
the children of Israel when a man or
woman commits any sin that men commit in
unfaithfulness against the Lord and that
person is guilty then he shall confess
the sin which he has committed he shall
make restitution for his trespass in
full plus one-fifth of it and give it to
the one he is wrong but if the man has
no relative to whom restitution may be
made for the wrong the restitution for
the wrong must go to the Lord for the
priest in addition to the RAM of the
atonement with which atonement is main
fight every offering of all the holy
things of the children of Israel which
they bring to the priest shall be his
and every man's holy things shall be his
whatever any man gives the priest shall
be his speak to the children of Israel
and say to them if any man's wife goes
astray and behaves unfaithfully toward
him and a man lies with her Connelly
and it is hidden from the eyes of her
husband and it is concealed that she has
defiled herself and there was no witness
against her nor were she caught if the
spirit of jealousy comes upon him and he
becomes jealous of his wife who has
defiled herself or if the spirit of
jealousy comes upon him and he becomes
jealous of his wife although she has not
defiled herself then the man shall bring
his wife to the priest he shall bring
the offering required for her one tenth
of an ephah of barley meal he shall pour
no oil on it and put no frankincense on
it because it is a grain offering of
jealousy an offering for remembering for
bringing iniquity to remembrance and the
priest shall bring her near and set her
before the Lord the priest shall take
holy water in an earthen vessel and take
some of the dust that is on the floor of
the tabernacle and put it into the water
then the priest shall stand the woman
before the Lord and cover the woman's
head and put the offering for
remembering in her hands which is the
grain offering of jealousy and the
priest shall have in his hand the bitter
water that brings a curse and the priest
shall put her under oath and say to the
woman
if no man has lain with you and if you
have not gone astray to uncleanness
while under your husband's authority be
free from this bitter water that brings
a curse but if you have gone astray
while under your husband's authority and
if you have defiled yourself and some
man other than your husband has lain
with you then the priest shall put the
woman under the oath of the curse and he
shall say to the woman the Lord make you
a curse and an oath among your people
when the Lord makes your thigh rot and
your belly swell and made this water
that causes the curse go into your
stomach and make your belly swell and
your thigh rot then the woman shall say
Amen so be it then the priest shall
write these curses in a book and he
shall scrape them off into the bitter
water and he shall make the woman drink
the bitter water that brings a curse and
the water that brings the curse shall
enter her to become bitter then the
priest shall take the grain offering of
jealousy from the woman's hand shall
wave the offering before the Lord and
bring it to the altar and the priest
shall take a handful of the offering as
it's memorial portion burn it on the
altar and afterward make the woman drink
the water when he has made her drink the
water then it shall be if she has
defiled herself and behaved unfaithfully
toward her husband that the water that
brings a curse will enter her and become
bitter and her belly will swell her
thigh will rot and the woman will become
a curse among her people but if the
woman has not defiled herself and is
clean then she shall be free and may
conceive children this is the law of
jealousy when a wife while under her
husband's authority goes astray and
defiles herself or when the spirit of
jealousy comes upon a man and he becomes
jealous of his wife then he shall stand
the woman before the Lord and the priest
shall execute all this law upon then the
man shall be free from iniquity but that
woman shall bear her
you
[Music]